# Landing-Zone-Accelerator-on-AWS-Deployment

**Confluence Page:** https://healthedge.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CP1/pages/4867033717/Landing-Zone-Accelerator-on-AWS-Deployment

**Created by:** Chris Falk on June 16, 2025  
**Last modified by:** Gary Edwards on July 25, 2025 at 01:28 AM

---

**Activate a multi-account management solution**
------------------------------------------------

Prior to deploying the Landing Zone Accelerator on AWS, activate AWS Control Tower or AWS Organizations. AWS Control Tower is strongly recommended if deploying to a Region where it is supported.

### For AWS Control Tower based installation (recommended)

To set up AWS Control Tower, refer to [Getting started with AWS Control Tower](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/getting-started-with-control-tower.html) in the *AWS Control Tower User Guide*.

If utilizing AWS Control Tower, it is strongly recommended to create a KMS customer managed key prior to deploying your landing zone. This KMS key is used by services AWS Control Tower manages to apply encryption at rest to sensitive log files. For more information on activating encryption for AWS Control Tower, refer to [Configure your shared accounts and encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/getting-started-with-control-tower.html#configure-shared-accounts).

### Mandatory accounts

The Landing Zone Accelerator on AWS builds on top of an existing AWS Organizations/Control Tower multi-account structure. The Landing Zone Accelerator solution utilizes the Organizations management account and the same initial accounts that are generated by deploying AWS Control Tower:

* **Management account** – This account is designated when first creating an AWS Organization. It is a privileged account where all AWS Organizations global configuration management and billing consolidation occurs.
* **Log Archive account** – This account is used for centralized logging of AWS CloudTrail logs, Config logs, and AWS service logs.
* **Audit account** – This account is used to centralize all security operations and management activities. This account is typically used as a delegated administrator of centralized security services such as Amazon Macie, Amazon GuardDuty, and AWS Security Hub.

**Create a GitHub personal access token and store in Secrets Manager**
----------------------------------------------------------------------

You require a GitHub access token to access the Landing Zone Accelerator code repository. Instructions on how to create a personal access token are located on [GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token).

Store the personal access token in Secrets Manager as plain text. Name the secret accelerator/github-token (case sensitive).

Via AWS Management Console:

1. Store a new secret, and select **Other type of secrets,** **Plaintext**.
2. Paste your secret with no formatting no leading or trailing spaces (completely remove the example text).
3. Select an encryption key.
4. Set the secret name to `accelerator/github-token` (case sensitive).
5. Select **Disable rotation**.

**Deployment overview**
-----------------------

Use the following steps to deploy this solution on AWS. For detailed instructions, follow the links for each step.

Step 1. Launch the stack

* Launch the AWS CloudFormation template into your AWS account.
* Review the templates parameters and enter or adjust the default values as needed.

Step 2. Await initial environment deployment

* Await successful completion of `AWSAccelerator-Pipeline` pipeline.

Step 3. Update the configuration files

* Navigate to the `aws-accelerator-config` AWS CodeCommit repository.
* Update the configuration files to match the desired state of your environment.
* Release a change manually to the `AWSAccelerator-Pipeline` pipeline.

**Step 1. Launch the stack**
----------------------------

This automated AWS CloudFormation template deploys the Landing Zone Accelerator on AWS in the AWS Cloud. You must complete the applicable steps in [Prerequisites](https://alpha-docs-aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/landing-zone-accelerator-on-aws/automated-deployment.html#prerequisites) before launching the stack.

You are responsible for the cost of the AWS services used while running this solution. For more details, visit the [Cost](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/landing-zone-accelerator-on-aws/cost.html) section in this guide, and refer to the pricing webpage for each AWS service used in this solution.

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console of your organization’s management account and select the button to launch the `AWSAccelerator-InstallerStack` AWS CloudFormation template.
   [Launch Solution](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?templateURL=https:%2F%2Fsolutions-reference.s3.amazonaws.com%2Flanding-zone-accelerator-on-aws%2Flatest%2FAWSAccelerator-InstallerStack.template)

   Alternatively, you can [download the template](https://s3.amazonaws.com/solutions-reference/landing-zone-accelerator-on-aws/latest/AWSAccelerator-InstallerStack.template) as a starting point for your own implementation.
2. The template launches in the US East (N. Virginia) Region by default. To launch the solution in a different AWS Region, use the Region selector in the console navigation bar.
3. On the **Create stack** page, verify that the correct template URL is in the **Amazon S3 URL** text box and choose **Next**.
4. On the **Specify stack details** page, assign a name to your solution stack. We recommend you name your stack `AWSAccelerator-InstallerStack` to match the naming convention used of additional stacks that will be created by the Landing Zone Accelerator. For information about naming character limitations, refer to [IAM and STS Limits](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_iam-limits.html) in the *AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide*.
5. Under **Parameters**, review the parameters for this solution template and apply the values documented in Decision-Landing-Zone-Accelerator-Launch-Parameters.

6. Choose **Next**.

7. On the **Configure stack options** page, choose **Next**

8. On the **Review** page, review and confirm the settings. Check the box acknowledging that the template will create AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) resources.

9. Choose **Create stack** to deploy the stack.

You can view the status of the stack in the AWS CloudFormation console in the **Status** column. You should receive a CREATE\_COMPLETE status in approximately eight minutes.

**Step 2. Await initial environment deployment**
------------------------------------------------

Use the following procedure to ensure the Landing Zone Accelerator on AWS deploys a minimum configuration to your environment.

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and navigate to the **AWS CodePipeline** console. The `AWSAccelerator-Installer` pipeline should show a status of either **In Progress** or **Complete**. If **In Progress**, wait for the pipeline to complete.
2. When the `AWSAccelerator-Installer` pipeline has completed, a new `AWSAccelerator-Pipeline` pipeline is created that is now **In Progress**. Refresh the AWS CodePipeline console if the new pipeline is not visible.
3. The `AWSAccelerator-Pipeline` pipeline will take approximately 45 minutes to complete. This initial deployment will prepare your environment for Landing Zone Accelerator on AWS and deploy a minimal configuration. Resources deployed include AWS CloudFormation custom resources, CloudWatch Logs log groups for the custom resources, a centralized KMS key for encryption at rest, and S3 buckets for AWS service logging.
4. After completion of the above steps, your environment is ready to customize.

At the end of this step, you should have the Accelerator Pipeline and an initial set of default configuration files deployed inside an AWS CodeCommit repository.