# Weekly PMO Meeting

**Confluence Page:** https://healthedge.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CP1/pages/4947706074/Weekly%20PMO%20Meeting

**Created by:** Kaitlin Wieand on July 21, 2025  
**Last modified by:** Kaitlin Wieand on October 06, 2025 at 04:27 PM

---

**Date**
--------

October 02, 2025

Discussion Topics
-----------------

| **No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | Operations Workshop | Michael/Kaitlin | 11/3-11/4. Chris working on an agenda then to send over. |
|  | do you |  |  |

**Date**
--------

October 02, 2025

Discussion Topics
-----------------

| **No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | Migration dependencies updates |  | Tentatively on track, will confirm by EOD for GC. |
|  | Milestone 4 - Landing Zone Complete sent  Milestone 10 - Compliance sign off on Landing Zone to be sent October 01, 2025 |  | KW to approve Milestone 4, waiting on Milestone 10. |
|  | Operations Workshop |  | Post-migration support? Look into November dates  Migration workshop - PDM, MRF, Source & Wellframe |
|  | Migration Wave Plan alignment - need sign off from customer’s that these dates are good to begin planning around. Not sure who on HealthEdge we should have own this (Renee?) |  | Michael to look into customer template for migration. |
|  | Decisions need to be communicated |  |  |

**Date**
--------

September 15, 2025

Discussion Topics
-----------------

| **No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | AWS identified new security consultant | Michael Pabon, Aslam Khan | KW to escalate onboarding documentation for new person. Trying to solve the hands on keyboard challenge |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |

**Date**
--------

September 08, 2025

Discussion Topics
-----------------

| **No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | In-Person workshop agenda review / attendee list review |  | Chris to finalize agenda by EOD 9/8/2025. Kaitlin to finalize HE list. |
|  | Sprint cadence review post Mobilize Phase |  | Develop a plan, keep the board post mobilize. Tool called Cutover for migration. |
|  | Migration dependencies progress |  |  |

**Date**
--------

August 25, 2025

Discussion Topics
-----------------

| **No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | Dependency PM for HRP/GC | Kaitlin | Work with team to start opening tickets |
|  | DNS project | Kaitlin | Major risk, need a TPM to run a unified standup..sync with ELT on resources |
|  | Enterprise Jira project status? | Kaitlin | Where are we with this? |

**Date**
--------

August 18, 2025

Discussion Topics
-----------------

| **No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 |  |  |  |
| 2 | Provide Sprint 4 Goals to Kaitlin | Michael | Landing Zone: Networking workshop - document all decisions and outcomes. Finalize network design and document in confluence for review  Containers: Finalize EKS approach for on-prem kubernetes workloads (workshops and architecture components)  DevOps: Complete DevOps discovery and documentation for HRP, WelFrame, Source and GC. Also complete IAC POC for Windows server provisioning  Compliance: Review and validate migrations plans. Review and validate network.  Security: (pending final update) review overall security design and align with compliance. Implement any additional security controls needed as an outcome of compliance findings or networking workshop.  Operations: Complete final current state workshop and align on three areas of focus for remaining build out  Disaster Recovery: HRP DR workshops and design to be completed  Migration: Target Architecture & Migration Strategy Source, HE Hub, PDM & MRF Wave 0 (Pilot) - HRP Performance servers 2. Database Migration Approaches: Rehost Replatform (Delphix) Replatform (Cluster) Replatform (Cosmos DB) Replatform (Azure SQL) 3. Migration Planning Build Migration Tracker Identify NAS Share for Wave 0 (Pilot) Initial wave plan for HRP & GC 4. Security & Compliance Obtain security approval for Cloud Migration Factory implementation |
| 3 | Follow up on - HealtheEdge to list out potential questions HE customers may have and discuss with AWS to create FAQ – Brijesh to provide questions to Raphael | Kaitlin | * Brijesh to focus on HRP specifically. * KW - coordinate with Natalie, Marc Kaplan, Renee on GC questions. |
| 4 | Establish HE Customer Focus Steerco to drive alignment on customer communication, ownership and decision making : Rob Duffy, Michele, Anshul, Sandhya, Ryan Mooney, Renee | Kaitlin | * determine who is going to communicate with the customer. 1-2 hour discussion. KW to set call up. |
| 5 | Schedule TOC bi weekly meetings | Kaitlin | KW to schedule this meeting. |
| 6 | Planned in-person (follow up) workshop with CSE’s, Renee/ Team, Kevin, AWS Migration wave planning team - Week of Sept 15th. Agenda   1. Align and soft baseline migration wave plan 2. Pilot wave migration planning updates 3. Migration planning for Wave 2 & 3 customers. | Kaitlin | KW to schedule a 1 day workshop.   * Identify main CSE’s. * Migration wave planning team. |
| 7 | Milestone 6 and Milestone 9 billing approvals | Kaitlin | * Done |
| 8 | HealthEdge Approvers for upcoming milestones 3, 5, 7 | Kaitlin | * 3 - foundation (Ted, Cris) * 5 - Wave Migration Plan - (Each lead) * 7 - Resiliency Design - Troy, + |
| 9 | Owner for Wave plan BU approvals. Who owns approving wave plans ? | Kaitlin | * KW - start thinking of BU wave approver for wave plans.    + HRP (Anshul, Renee, Graham, Joe +)   + GC (Graham, Renee, Marc K +)   + Source/WF (Ted, Jim, +) |
| 10 | Understanding of Training and upskilling needs - HE Operations, Networking, Customer Success Teams. | Kaitlin | * KW - we need people trained prior to October (pilot complete) to help manage migration on the HE side |
| 11 | Steerco Meeting deck / content review dates | Kaitlin |  |
| 12 | Weekly Meeting with Rob Duffy - 08/19 - On/ OFF ? IF ON - any specific expectations on communications | Kaitlin |  |

Date
----

August 08, 2025

\*\*Moved from August 11, 2025 to August 08, 2025

---

Discussion topics
-----------------

| **No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Kaitlin PTO | Kaitlin | 8/11-8/15 |
| 2 | Update on Regions discussion and mark it as a Decision in the log | Kaitlin | Michael to work with Kaitlin to have the item captured in the Jira and tracked |
| 3 | Link for virtual members to join the workshop | Kailasam B | Individuals that are joining remotely are asking for the teams/zoom link.  Zoom link to be shared for both the 13th and the 14th meeting.  13th - [Chris Falk’s Zoom link](https://amazon.zoom.us/j/95712356001?pwd=MsiqrbGEa7blr3pXmUYVUjm4upseyI.1)  14th - [Michael’s Zoom link](https://amazon.zoom.us/j/96252559162?pwd=zqQ11SJmWxlqKZt59MnH5oSvEOPICi.1) |
| 4 | Travel Plans for HealthEdge team - Any dinner plans for 08/14 that we need to accommodate ? *AWS team is flying out the next day towards noon (debrief, align on action item plan and next steps)* | Kaitlin, Kailasam B | Ok for the dinner plans to be worked on the fly. |
| 5 | Network workshop - 08/13 - Agenda | Chri | Chris is sending out the Network agenda that will be sent out on Monday for the 08/13 session |
| 6 | Process for Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) that meets to review a backlog of key decisions and requests for divergence from guidance | Kailasam B / Kaitlin | TOC - Chris Falk, Mark Mucha  TOC team - Cris Grunca, Jim Fallon, Kaitlin, <<Any additional HE members - Kaitlin to decide>>  Chris will pull in relevant folks from AWS team based on the need.  Cadence for TOC to meet - Bi weekly. Have a Confluence sub section set up for this (Michael, Kaitlin). Email communication out with Confluence link and update the TOC on a biweekly basis  Updates to HE leadership - Include in the weekly status, Include the link on the WSR slide deck. |
| 7 | FAQ document or questions - Is there an initial list that can start getting populated on Confluence. We can categorise it in terms of Operations, Communication etc. and spend some time on this during the Workshop | Kaitlin |  |
| 8 | Main approver for Milestone 6 - DR Assessment - GC | Kailasam B | Jim Fallon => approver for the DR demo. |
|  |  |  |  |

Date
----

August 04, 2025

Discussion topics
-----------------

| **No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Milestone DoD |  | * HE team reviewed financial milestones |
| 2 | Kaitlin PTO |  | * on PTO week of 8/10-8/15 |
| 3 | Finalize in-person details |  | * Confirmed 17 In person team from HE and AWS. |
| 4 | Update on the T&E billing for LRP visit |  |  |
| 5 | Weekly review with Rob on Tuesday (08/05 & 08/12) |  | Kaitlin to check for 08/05 - Timing is confirmed as 10.30 am EST in case the meeting is ON.  The week of 08/12 - meeting is at 11.30 am EST |
| 6 | Update on meeting with Anshul |  |  |
| 7 | Check on Action Items from previous week meetings |  |  |

Date
----

July 28, 2025

Discussion topics
-----------------

| **Sr. No.** | **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Steerco meeting | Kaitlin Wieand | * DONE |
| 2 | Introducing Cris Grunca | Kaitlin Wieand | * DONE |
| 3 | Potential reschedule of Weekly review meeting to post noon. |  | * Chris is out for first half of Tuesday. There are couple of items on customer list and working backwards that we wanted to get Rob’s inputs. Hence, requesting if the meeting can be moved to post noon. |
| 4 | Upcoming milestones - Milestone 6 and Milestone 9 and ensuring that Definition of Done is aligned |  | * Ensure that DoD for these 2 milestones are discussed and aligned with HealthEdge leads.    + Kaitlin Wieand, to follow up with HE leads on DoD |
| 5 | Sandbox Environments - HealthEdge lead names. |  | * I, Chris are interacting with Guy Loewy to ensure that sandbox environment needs are understood, however, it would be good to have the HE lead names also captured to ensure we are aligned. |
| 6 | HealthEdge Professional services Point of Contact - |  | * Action item captured during LRP - Joe and Vidya brought this point up - Pull in professional services team to minimize changes during the migration wave - we also need to be aware of what's going on with their changes/calendars/etc. * Also Wendi needs to be aware of the training needed for the professional services team |
| 7 | HealthEdge Internal connect regards DR strategy scope |  | Kaitlin Wieand, to follow up |

Action items
------------

Add action items to close the loop on open questions or discussion topics:

Date
----

July 21, 2025

Discussion topics
-----------------

| **Topic** | **Owner** | **Notes** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Missing sprint 2 goals | Kaitlin Wieand | * Michael to work with the leads to update |
| Steerco Template | Kailasam Balasubramaniam (Deactivated) | * Kaitlin to provide template and start filling out, meeting scheduled for Thursday to fill in the blank |
| Missing Source Inventory | Michael Pabon | * waiting on Michael See to provide the Source inventory, deadline is tomorrow and could potentially delay |

Action items
------------

Add action items to close the loop on open questions or discussion topics:



- [ ] Kaitlin Wieand,  to update Steerco deck
- [ ] Kaitlin Wieand,  to reach out to Ted O'Hayer,   on status of Source inventory
- [ ] Michael Pabon,  to work with leads to update missing Sprint 2 goals

